Add EA presto blog (#102)
prestodb/prestodb.github.io: website/blog/20202-08-06-presto-in-ea.md

At EA, we have adopted numerous data visualization tools, such as Tableau and Dundas, to support data insight analytics. These tools are usually connected with multiple data sources, such as MySQL DB, AWS S3, or HDFS. Users can load data from multiple endpoints simultaneously to run computationally heavy algorithms. One severe performance bottleneck is loading data as it is I/O heavy. This could be exacerbated more if the same data needs to be loaded multiple times. Thus we need a solution to reduce this data retrieving overhead by caching the data locally.

Dashboarding is another common use case, used to keep tracking user engagements, customer satisfaction, or system status in real-time. In these cases, the data volume is usually on the order of gigabytes, but frequent refreshes require instantaneous processing. Currently, we use commercial databases such as Redshift to serve time-sensitive data, and we are seeking an alternative to slash costs without losing performance.

> We recently developed a reporting chatbot to provide immediate game related insights, such as live user satisfaction and real-time profit analysis. The backend of this system runs Presto with petabytes of data stored on S3. This chatbot converts users’ questions into ANSI SQL and runs these queries in the Presto cluster. The queries usually conduct complex computations, such as prediction and merging after searching across datasets. We are eager to find a solution that compliments our S3 based datasets to improve the performance without introducing extra cost.

Reviewer: Typo on "user's questions

## Architecture

> To serve these different use cases with near-realtime requirements, we built and evaluated Presto as our data query platform with dataset on S3 but with working set cached in Alluxio.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To serve these different use cases with near-realtime requirements, we built and evaluated Presto as our data query platform with data n S3, and the working set cached in Alluxio.
```

> In this blog we compared a mock of the aforementioned production setup of Presto on S3 against a similar stack with Alluxio. The architecture is shown below:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In this blog we compare a mock of the aforementioned production setup of Presto on S3 against a similar stack with Alluxio. The architecture is shown below:
```

![](/img/blog/2020-08-06-presto-in-ea/architecture.png)

Here are some more details about our setup:

- Each instance launched Presto and Alluxio, co-locating the two services.
- For hardware, we used three h1.8xlarge AWS instances, each with 8TB ephemeral disks mounted for use by Alluxio to cache data local to Presto.
- S3 was mounted to Alluxio as the underlying persisting file system.
- Two catalogs were configured for Presto; one connected to our existing Hive metastore, referencing the benchmark datasets externally stored on S3, and the other connected to a separate - Hive metastore with the benchmark tables created in Alluxio.
- We used the same datasets on S3 for performance comparison and pre-loaded the data into Alluxio with `alluxio fs distributedLoad /testDB`
- To optimize the query performance when  processing large amounts of small files, we enabled metadata caching in `alluxio-site.properties` to tune the performance

```
alluxio.user.metadata.cache.enabled=true
alluxio.user.metadata.cache.max.size=100000
alluxio.user.metadata.cache.expiration.time=10min
```

## Benchmark Result

> Four independent benchmarks representing a wide range of differebt workloads were selected.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Four independent benchmarks representing a wide range of different workloads were selected.
```
